_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

update with personal info. Should have removed all generic stuff

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_pic.png
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Centre de Biologie Intégrative</p>
    <p>Université Paul Sabatier, 118 Route de Narbonne/p>
    <p>31062 TOULOUSE Cedex, France</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi, I am an Astrophysics PhD now working on Imaging Inverse Problems in optical microscopy with deep learning. I work in collaboration with Pierre Weiss in the Mambo team in Toulouse, as part of the MicroBlind ANR project (https://anr.fr/Project-ANR-21-CE48-0008). I am interested in using deep learning for blind deblurring of fluorescence microscopy images. We are also working on instance segmentation of indiciduals cells in biological sample using a 

Over the course of my career in Astrophysics (PhD 2018), while studying galaxy evolution using large photometric surveys, I have developped a strong interest in inverse problem solving via a Bayesian approach. This led me to take the position in the Mambo team to further explore inverse problem solving in high dimensions in a different context.

I am still partially doing research in Astrophysics. I mainly study the evolution of star-formation in galaxies through cosmic time. I am interested in understanding the role played by the environment surrounding galaxies on large scale on their history and their fate. I am still actively invested in several international collaborations (Euclid, XCLASS)

I have also developped several open-source pyhton programs over the years for my own research, or inside collaborations. Some of them can be found in `_pages/repositories.md`
